hey what's up everybody it is Josh
Thomas here once again with a little
casual unboxing although it's not really
an unboxing we are going to be unbagging
the packs of Animal Crossing amiibo
cards that I just got from Japan how
many come in this hold on let's see I've
got a lot of possibilities here loads
the characters this is for Series one I
believe there are a hundred there are
100 characters in series one which is
quite a bit just give you some glamor
shots of the packaging here just
basically talking about of what what the
amiibo cards do pretty neat I don't know
how many are in here so let's open it up
and find out I think it's like three and
I think these retail in Japan I cost me
I think about $6 for each pack which is
kind of pricey but then again it might
not be that much when it they arrive in
like America why did I not just prepare
scissors for this bumping the camera
this is falling apart here we go I got
it I kind of want to save the little
bags because they're cute and cool but
oh well let's just get into them oh
there's so there's more oh there are
three okay so we've got um slightly
scandalous looking pig I'm always a fan
of that oh my yeesh holy look goodness I
don't want to say these two characters
have been ugly so far but these two
characters have been ugly so far and in
a weird way I like him I wouldn't turn
my back on him but I like him and it
also helps that there is a peace sign on
his card so we know that he won't end up
eating us but when I did the spot outer
corner my eye is yes shiny
KK slider amiibo card oh I like that yes
thumbs up or not thumbs up fist up for
KK slider there let's look at the backs
of them so the back back is actually
nothing but it is pretty I like that so
these are you know they feel like
playing cards you know kind of a decent
little flimsy but basically like any
other card alright let's open it up I
will be so sad if I get doubles I don't
want to get doubles out of my first two
paths
and I'm gonna have to order so many more
of these um I already have a couple more
orders coming from play Asia just want
to show you that there's a little bit of
like a foil II look to the banner around
the amiibo logo Oh cute duck I'll take
it I don't know his name I really like
the extra patterns behind these as well
and if I had do I know I don't I also
have some of the original
ereader cars actually by some I mean
tons and this is kind of what the
e-reader cards used to look like they
sort of took that old design and used it
again what you think is cute shows their
birthday of course their name but it's
in Japanese so I can't read it a little
symbol of what kind of animal they are a
dice for some reason the number oh this
is number 99 which means there's only
one more in the first series because
like I said I think there are a hundred
and then I guess these little things are
just like if you wanted to play a game
with them like if you want to play
rock-paper-scissors with your animal
crossing cars or some sort of dice game
you could do that I think that's what
it's for
whoa I like him this isn't in cube I
think that's cube but he used to
actually have a Gamecube shirt on oh
another shiny what I wonder if there's a
shiny one in every package or if I'm
just getting lucky but that of course is
Lyle the otter who tries to sell you
insurance for the happy home Academy and
he Yammer's on incessantly yeah I like
it pretty good alright let's see which
ones we got here this is my whole lot
these are my first six Animal Crossing
amiibo cards I am more than certain that
these are going to be used in future
Animal Crossing games as well I think I
think you can also use these in the
upcoming game Animal Crossing amiibo
festival and I'm sure these will
probably work in a mainstream Animal
Crossing game whenever we get that I'm
assuming it'll be like for Nintendo NX
but I love the idea that we can now
collect animal crossing cards and that's
is fantastic I also had isabelle around
here somewhere did i already lose the
Isabelle card that I got oh no it's was
sitting on my crotch yeah well less said
about that the better
so let's just look at my shiny cards
yeah so shiny and make gift this
all right guys thank you so much for
watching these really pointless unboxing
videos for Animal Crossing happy home
designer be sure to keep it locked right
here to the bit block I am starting a
brand new video journal for this game
where we are gonna have all sorts of fun
so I will see you guys then that should
be up in about a day or so and yeah
thanks for watching bye bye hey thanks
for watching this video from the bit
block if you want to stay up to date
with some of the most original crazy
Nintendo coverage on the Internet
be sure to click right here to subscribe